c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\BrightForth.EF.dll.config
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\BrightForth.EF.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\BrightForth.EF.pdb
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\obj\Debug\BrightForth.EF.dll
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\obj\Debug\BrightForth.EF.pdb
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\obj\Debug\BrightForth.EF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\obj\Debug\BrightForth.EF.Migrations.initial2.resources
c:\users\n\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrightForth\BrightForth.EF\obj\Debug\BrightForth.EF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
